K. Scott Eppler
============

----

>Cloud Consultant and Automation Developer comfortable working with and
>learning new technologies and languages. I currently work in PHP and MySQL, HP
>Operations Orchestration, HP Server Automation, and the vRealize Suite most
>days.

>Specialties: Working with Clients to resolve issues and implement new
>automation solutions.

----

Education
---------

2002-2006
:   **BT, Information Assurance and Digital Forensics**; Oklahoma State
University - Institute of Technology (Okmulgee, Oklahoma)

    *Societies: Phi Theta Kappa, Association of Information Technology
    Professionals*

2002-2005
:   **AAS, Information Technology and Computer Networks**; Oklahoma State
University - Institute of Technology (Okmulgee, Oklahoma)

    *Societies: Phi Theta Kappa, Association of Information Technology
    Professionals*

Experience
----------

**Sr. Cloud Consultant - Avnet (Phoenix, AZ - Remote)**

June 2015-Present

Assist clients in implementing Cloud and Datacenter automation solutions.
Including standing up new environments, transforming existing environments and
crafting automation solutions to handle various items and problems.


**Automation Developer - Hewlett-Packard (Tulsa, OK)**

January 2012-June 2015

Engineer and Develop processes & procedures, HP Operations Orchestration
Workflows, HP Server Automation scripts, websites (typically LAMP-based), and
any other automation or process streamlining initiative. Also assist in
maintaining and supporting those items and initiatives.

**Technical Lead - Hewlett-Packard (Tulsa, OK)**

October 2008-January 2012

Responsible for working with customers to ensure that monitoring and
documentation are correct and up to standards.  Main point-of-contact for all
midrange technical issue relating to servers within my assigned applications.

**Jr. System Administrator - Hewlett-Packard / EDS (Tulsa, OK)**

July 2006-January 2009

Responsible for the troubleshooting and escalation of application, OS, and
hardware issues on mid-range level servers. Worked with documentation to
determine severity level, troubleshoot and repair impacts and outages on servers
with 24/7 availability, and escalate issues to the proper groups or personnel
when necessary.

**PC Support Specialist - Oral Roberts University (Tulsa, OK)**

September 2005-July 2006

PC and Mac support technician responsible for the setup, troubleshooting,
repair, maintenance, inventory, and assignment/reassignment of computer
hardware, networking, peripheral devices, and software.

**PC Support Technician (Work-study) - Oklahoma State University - Institute of
Technology (Okmulgee, OK)**

August 2002-August 2005

Work-study support technician responsible for the troubleshooting, repair,
maintenance, inventory, and assignment/reassignment of computer hardware,
networking, peripheral devices, and software.  Also installed and repaired
cabling (primarily Cat5).

Technical Experience
--------------------

Release Automation Framework
:   Release Automation Framework (RAF) started as a way to automate server OS
patching in the Sabre environment using HP Operations Orchestration (HPOO) and
HP Server Automation (HPSA) and grew to become a generic framework for any major
release including its original intent (OS patches), database patches, server
reboots, software installation and upgrades, or anything else where a server
needs to be fully removed from service before performing an action.

vSphere Automation
:   Integrated vShpere into our home-grown Server Provisioning tool to allow for
automated creation of virtual machines as well as some VM management including
checking the status of VMs and powering them up to begin the build process.

IP Provisioning Automation
:   Integrated vShpere into our home-grown Server Provisioning tool to allow for
automated creation of virtual machines as well as some VM management including
checking the status of VMs and powering them up to begin the build process.

Tools and Languages
:   **HP Operations Orchestration:** I Have spent 8 years authoring automation
solutions using HPOO from version 7.51 to 10.51 (current).  I've also done
training on best practices for authoring, maintaining, and running HPOO Flows.

:   **PHP:** I have written several back-end projects in PHP (namely, all
  three "Projects" listed above). 

:   Additional Working Knowledge of **Docker**, **Openstack**, **VMWare Suite**,
**HP Server Automation**, **HP Cloud Service Automation**,
**HTML/CSS/Javascript**

Certifications
----------------------------------------

* A+

* Associate Computing Professional (ACP) in Networks and Microcomputing

* HP ATP - Operations Orchestration v10

* VMWare VTSP 2015

----

> <k.scott.eppler@gmail.com> â€¢ +1 (918) 994 2377\
> 8993 S 257th East Place - Broken Arrow, OK 74014
